en: tidb opreator offline installation (#517)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/tidb-toolkit.md

Then execute `helm verison -c`, if the normal output indicates that the Helm client installation is successful:

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
helm version -c
```

```shell
Client: &version.Version{SemVer:"v2.16.7", GitCommit:"5f2584fd3d35552c4af26036f0c464191287986b", GitTreeState:"clean"}
```

### Install Helm Server

#### Install RBAC

If `RBAC` is not enabled in the Kubernetes cluster, please skip this section and install Tiller directly.

The Helm server is a service called `tiller`, please first install the `RBAC` rules required by `tiller`:

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/v1.1.0/manifests/tiller-rbac.yaml
```

If the server cannot access the network, please download the file `tiller-rbac.yaml` on the machine which can access network:

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/v1.1.0/manifests/tiller-rbac.yaml
```

Copy the file `tiller-rbac.yaml` to the server and install the `RBAC`:

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
kubectl apply -f tiller-rbac.yaml
```

#### Install Tiller

> The Helm server is a service called `tiller`, which runs as a pod in the Kubernetes cluster. Use the following command to install `tiller`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Helm server is a service called `tiller`, which runs as a pod in the Kubernetes cluster. To install `tiller`, run the following command:
```

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
helm init --service-account=tiller --upgrade
```

> The image which is used by Pod `tiller` is `gcr.io/kubernetes-helm/tiller:v2.16.7`. If your server cannot access the gcr.io, you can try to use mirror registry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image used by Pod `tiller` is `gcr.io/kubernetes-helm/tiller:v2.16.7`. If your server cannot access `gcr.io`, you can try to use the mirror registry:
```

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

``` shell
helm init --service-account=tiller --upgrade --tiller-image registry.cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com/google_containers/tiller:$(helm version --client --short | grep -Eo 'v[0-9]\.[0-9]+\.[0-9]+')
```

> If the server cannot access network, you need to download the Docker image `tiller` firstly on the machine which can access the network:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the server cannot access the Internet, you need to download the Docker image used by `tiller` on a machine which can access the Internet:
```

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

``` shell
docker pull gcr.io/kubernetes-helm/tiller:v2.16.7
docker save -o tiller-v2.16.7.tar gcr.io/kubernetes-helm/tiller:v2.16.7
```

> Copy the file `tiller-v2.16.7.tar` to the server，and use the command `docker load` to load the image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the file `tiller-v2.16.7.tar` to the server, and use the command `docker load` to load the image:
```

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

``` shell
docker load -i tiller-v2.16.7.tar
```

> Finally install `tiller` with the following command and confirm that `tiller` Pod enters Running state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, install `tiller` with the following command and confirm that the `tiller` Pod is in the running state:
```

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
helm init --service-account=tiller --skip-refresh
kubectl get po -n kube-system -l name=tiller
```

> #### Configure Helm repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configure the Helm repo
```

helm repo update
```

> #### Helm Common Operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Helm common operations
```

    helm upgrade ${release_name} ${chart_name} --version=${chart_version} -f ${values_file}
    ```

Finally, to delete the application deployed by Helm, run the following command:

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
helm del --purge ${release_name}
```

For more information on Helm, refer to [Helm Documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/).

> #### Use Helm chart Offline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Use Helm chart offline
```

> If there is no external network on the server, you cannot configure the Helm repo to install TiDB Operator components and other applications. At this time, you need to download the chart file needed for cluster installation on a machine with an external network, and then copy it to the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the server has no Internet access, you cannot configure the Helm repo to install the TiDB Operator component and other applications. At this time, you need to download the chart file needed for cluster installation on a machine with Internet access, and then copy it to the server.
```

Use the following command to download the chart file required for cluster installation:

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
wget http://charts.pingcap.org/tidb-operator-v1.1.0.tgz
wget http://charts.pingcap.org/tidb-drainer-v1.1.0.tgz
wget http://charts.pingcap.org/tidb-lightning-v1.1.0.tgz
```

> Copy these chart files to the server and decompress them, you can use these charts to install the corresponding components through the `helm install` command, taking `tidb-operator` as an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy these chart files to the server and decompress them. You can use these charts to install the corresponding components by running the `helm install` command. Take `tidb-operator` as an example:
```
